and will reign vell bizz talking and welcome
to my channel and in this video we go here
with the last game probably by
while the asshole series here in the
channel had two other series in case you
do not know how to be a jerk and
academy ba coronelzão series where you
tends to get super strong ugly piebald
fucking hyper women this is it
only in this series this time we are the
woman wanting to be Boladona of supimpa
black chic
Let's start not even if it's not
and this is you
You're very ugly so we have to
from that to that and it seems
much to the equally happy is the
people have to get on the pc and get a job
has a job works quite differently
of the other you in the time there we go
to realize every pc here my God is very
femur or not do not know which is more
faith she here only saw lose weight buy
five pairs of shoes is as if the nanny
koné the nanny koné probably waiting
I want to know how to sleep because I
I slept on the PC, so crazy, this song is
here is looking for the job we only have
several jobs here one of these box is
supermarket box is waitress model
car radio or a reality show
being will come the famous reality show is this
there is a coordination also considers
Let's start from below to stay here.
I also get stuck with the minimums
for each one is that it is 10 and starts tomorrow
At 8.50 and 250 you can buy something I found
clicking here
busion we have how to buy things work
Beauty and very beautiful clothes go to the
beauty because it was annoying complicated
business here let's get in
the art how to get bare mouth all
liposuction surgery can take away
fat makeup and clear hair stay
orange
those who do not know how to make known and
talking things get orange by
very good tan
the makeup not only costs expensive let's look
Just took the pimples out here.
Let's see how we can do some
I do not know if you can take off your clothes.
the way is on the way on the way to
stay this one we'll be just like her
the colonel our 250 250 380 and does not give
also 50
the crazy she made a little pussy
here we already lose weight is at 8 in the morning and
start from what I saw let's go social
network go here on the internet at
condition the whole world as tweet go
to work is money now yes now
this business including pac
bonbon add everyone here network
social 555 I am calm and kind of field
twenty plus two but one tweet we give
a fucking party butt party after the
music is just buying clothes clothes
nice ski that this two factory back
Let's get one but it's all my price is
all my price and we'll get this one
expensive expensive earring you're all very
Dear, look, what a beautiful thing, people.
from the sky
I wish I was dead, my business is sleeping.
can cry everybody
lokão can see that while the
people have 12 social friends a status
update ok, you can do this to organize
parties and see how we right
only the organization we are going to work on
four since won money I think
Give to the party, we send them to the party.
two invitations and the party costs 20
no di will start today at 10 o'clock is just
wait for the party to inspire in the room
buy a good shoe here is not so
usual with others for this boot to
another tactic in good taste
Oh, the heavy bag is going to have to
soluble faith and be up to six Helena was
Just had to stop, it's Troy who you are.
fia
Who are you, claudia, is there?
behind you understood I do not know what to pick up
this one does not need any more
material
I'm not two anymore I do not know that
changes but only took two to buy more
things will buy more things I want
get a new job this one is a lot
Beautiful looks only this is 15 bag goes next
day I get a new job
Let's go to work, she's just in the box.
they only work in the boxes now let's go
buy this one looks good
Ready is so beautiful and I think it gives
We'll see you can not even count on 12 to 12
business is to agree to work only for
she is not even there but I do not know why
where she was the motto of ours she is beautiful
supermarket putz and so far to the
Waitress 150 a day there yes it was lady
150 and 250 the next month but need to have
lots of color 30 have to make 30v heavy there
Let's go to work 158 won until
a little more there
I'm going to work again, now let's go to the
beauty salon we went once
huh
It looks more beautiful, little mouth, little mouth.
mouthpiece to italy now yes it is
starting to look nice hair o
country
Ready, it's going, go, let's go
party
now that I'm over 70 now in 23
people now go straight to the party and
in a fast food until Claudia will see
It's good to see who's staying now.
There is no force here ready to party or
Will someone stay at home now?
only has it still now I think it will
give to give a changed a bit better
here is to have something that costs type 300
250 right now but let's start here
especially orange because it is
one of the main things so do not
was a name to stay the same it
This will also make another party here.
You can give us another party and we can
episode abacus in the bahamas and
enjoying this miniseries series that I want
bring here to make it all
100% that monster she's going to stay
probably want to leave liked and
check out the other series of how to be
Total drooling asshole you are
registration and you see the other games
in that same style get the guy there
then went to the gym now as a woman
and if you launch a new game of that same
style of course I'll bring it here
for you because wanting or not is
fun and funny
babi forget everything I did not like it
signed up if you are not registered
comment here and share the video
Many thanks to all and I went